Add experimental key (#938)
OWASP/wrongsecrets: src/main/resources/explanations/challenge35.adoc

=== Reporting on Vulnerabilities

> A security researcher found a Google API key and together with the project leader https://github.com/commjoen[@commjoen] made a https://github.com/OWASP/wrongsecrets/security/advisories/GHSA-vv4g-7gjw-fvqw[Security Advisory]. The only thing @commjoen dit wrong, was actually publish the API key as part of the advisory. Can you spot the key?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A security researcher found a Google API key and together with the project leader https://github.com/commjoen[@commjoen] made a GitHub security advisory. The only thing @commjoen did wrong was publish the API key as part of the advisory. Can you spot the key?
```

Reviewer: Maybe a direct link is too easy?
